---
title: "Idiomatic Rust: How clippy helps you become a better coder"
date: 2022-09-07 19:15:00 MESZ
categories: meetup cologne
links:
    "Meetup.com": "https://www.meetup.com/rustcologne/events/288259920/"
    "Planning discussion on Github": "https://github.com/Rustaceans/rust-cologne/issues/98"
location: c4
talks:
- title: "Interactive coding with clippy at your side"
  speaker:
    name: "Kai"
    github: kawogi
  abstract: |
    We'll learn how idiomatic Rust looks like and how `clippy` can teach you to become a better rustacean over time.
---
Dear Rustaceans,

our next Meetup will be on **Wednesday 2022-09-07, 19:15 CEST**.

> clippy is for people who find a certain emptiness inside when they finally get code through the compiler

When writing Rust did you ever feel like "it works, but there must be a better way"?
`clippy` is a linting tool that helps you find and solve common issues when learning Rust.
Especially when coming from another programming language `clippy` will help make the transition
easier by recognizing anti-patterns and pointing out possible logic errors.

`clippy` can be used in a couple of ways:
- protective: "Attention, this is likely not doing what you had in mind."
- instructive: "Did you know there's a new language feature covering your use case?"
- cautious: "Are you sure, this is safe to do?"
- sadistic: "This will make your rocket launch fail whenever your computer gets too close to a black hole on a Friday"

Kai will give you a live-coding tour through `clippy`, showing how it can help you to find bugs,
learn idiomatic programming patterns, discover helpful functions in the `std`-library,
introduce new language features and how it can ruin your code if you go too far.

Any remaining time will be used as **open space**: Imagine a bazaar, where you can suggest topics and spontaneously join any discussion you find interesting. It all depends on your interests. You can enjoy some drinks, meet nice people and discuss about Rust.

**[You can register here](https://www.meetup.com/de-DE/rustcologne/events/288259920)**.

We are looking forward to seeing you. :-)

Yours,
Florian and Kai
- - -
The meetup will likely be held in German, we will however reevaluate this at the beginning of the evening and may switch to English if needed.
- - -
Due to COVID-19 still being around there are some precautions we feel are necessary to make everyone at ease.

We have restricted the maximum number of participants to ensure social distancing is possible.
Accordingly we need to know how many people will attend the meetup.
Please make sure to register and, in case you are no longer able to attend, cancel your registration.

Additionally we generally expect participants to wear masks. During warm weather the venue allows for
decent ventilation. In this case participants may **unanimously** decide masking is not necessary.
