---
title: "Reboot"
date: 2022-06-20 19:15:00 CEST
categories: meetup cologne
links:
    "Meetup.com": "https://www.meetup.com/rustcologne/events/286557151"
    "Planning discussion on Github": "https://github.com/Rustaceans/rust-cologne/issues/95"
location: c4
talks:
- title: "Stable Inline Assembly"
  speaker:
    name: "Florian Zeitz"
    twitter: florob
    github: florob
  abstract: |
    Inline assembly is a fairly niche language construct, allowing to insert arbitrary instructions
    into a generated binary. Nonetheless it is usually implemented in systems programming languages 
    to support use-cases where precise instruction sequences are required, such as embedded or cryptography.
    Rust's support for it has only recently been stabilized and undergone major changes in the
    process. This talk will present what is available in stable Rust now and how we got there.
---

Dear Rustaceans,

it has been a while. So we're all the more happy to announce that our next Meetup will be on
**Monday 2022-06-20, 19:15 CEST**.

It will take place online at <https://bbb.daten.reisen/b/flo-qcv-jgx-m5b>.

The meetup will be split into two major parts.

The first part will be a regular meetup where we'll talk about what has been happening in the Rust world.
Florob will be giving a presentation on Rust's Inline Assembly, a long awaited feature that has
finally been stabilized.

The second part will be focused on the future of the meetup. Shortly after its inception the
meetup had a relatively large organizer team of ~5 people. This had the benefit of distributing
the work as well as being able to bounce ideas for the meetup around.
As you may be aware that number had shrunk to a single remaining organizer.
We're now back to being a team of two.

Therefore, in this part we want to discuss how the meetup has been organized up to this point and what the
future should look like. We'd be happy to see others from the community step up to help organize
the meetup. There will be discussion of what exactly that entails. (Spoiler: Mostly finding topics
and writing announcements)

We are looking forward to hearing and seeing you. :-)

Yours,
Kai and Florian

- - -

The meetup will likely be held in German, we will however reevaluate this at the beginning of the evening and may switch to English if needed.
