---
title: "Traits for Fn and profit"
date: 2023-03-01 19:15:00 MEZ
categories: meetup cologne
links:
    "Meetup.com": "https://www.meetup.com/rustcologne/events/291774935/"
    "Planning discussion on Github": "https://github.com/Rustaceans/rust-cologne/issues/103"
location: c4
talks:
- title: "Traits for Fn and profit"
  speaker:
    name: "Kai Giebeler"
    github: kawogi
  abstract: |
    This talk will give an overview of Rust's trait system: what they're good for, comparison with alternative approaches (such as static dispatch), trait objects and _blanket impls_.
- title: "Traits for Fn and profit"
  speaker:
    name: "Florian Zeitz"
    twitter: florob
    github: florob
  abstract: |
    This talk will go into more detail on
    how the `Fn` traits enable functions generic over callables, as well as other common use-cases.
---
Dear Rustaceans,

our next Meetup will be on **Wednesday 2023-03-01, 19:15 CET**.

The theme of the evening will be traits, one of the core building blocks of abstractions in Rust which are used to make code generic and composable.

The first talk will be about traits in general: what they're good for, comparison with alternative approaches (such as static dispatch), trait objects and _blanket impls_.

The seconds talk will focus on the `Fn` traits, explaining how you can properly accept functions and
closures as function parameters, as well as give an overview of which closures implement which traits.

Following that there will be time to mingle, open discussions and questions.

**[You can register here](https://www.meetup.com/rustcologne/events/291774935/)**.

We are looking forward to seeing you. :-)

Yours,
Florian and Kai

---

The meetup will likely be held in German, we will however reevaluate this at the beginning of the evening and may switch to English if needed.

---

Due to COVID-19 still being around there are some precautions we feel are necessary to make
everyone feel at ease. We are of course aware that more and more restrictions are being lifted.
At the same time it's the prime season for colds and sneezes. In the spirit of inclusion we are
erring on the side of caution here.

We have restricted the maximum number of participants to ensure social distancing is possible.
Accordingly we need to know how many people will attend the meetup.
Please make sure to register and, in case you are no longer able to attend, cancel your registration.

Additionally we generally expect participants to wear masks. During warm weather the venue allows
for decent ventilation. There is also an air purifier. Participants may **unanimously** decide
masking is not necessary.
