---
title: "Traits for Fn and profit"
date: 2023-02-01 19:15:00 MEZ
categories: meetup cologne
links:
    "Meetup.com": "https://www.meetup.com/rustcologne/events/291209567/"
    "Planning discussion on Github": "https://github.com/Rustaceans/rust-cologne/issues/103"
location: c4
talks:
- title: "Traits for Fn and profit"
  speaker:
    name: "Florian Zeitz"
    twitter: florob
    github: florob
  abstract: |
    This talk will give an overview of Rust's trait system. It will then go into more detail on
    how the `Fn` traits enable functions generic over callables, as well as other common use-cases.
---
Dear Rustaceans,

our next Meetup will be on **Wednesday 2023-02-01, 19:15 CET**.

The theme of the evening will be traits, one of the core building blocks of abstractions in Rust.
There will be a talk about traits in general, showing how to use them to make code generic and composable.

There will be a focus on the `Fn` traits, explaining how you can properly accept functions and
closures as function parameters, as well as give an overview of which closures implement which traits.

Following that there will be time to mingle, open discussions and questions.

**[You can register here](https://www.meetup.com/rustcologne/events/291209567/)**.

We are looking forward to seeing you. :-)

Yours,
Florian

---

The meetup will likely be held in German, we will however reevaluate this at the beginning of the evening and may switch to English if needed.

---

Due to COVID-19 still being around there are some precautions we feel are necessary to make
everyone feel at ease. We are of course aware that more and more restrictions are being lifted.
At the same time it's the prime season for colds and sneezes. In the spirit of inclusion we are
erring on the side of caution here.

We have restricted the maximum number of participants to ensure social distancing is possible.
Accordingly we need to know how many people will attend the meetup.
Please make sure to register and, in case you are no longer able to attend, cancel your registration.

Additionally we generally expect participants to wear masks. During warm weather the venue allows
for decent ventilation. There is also an air purifier. Participants may **unanimously** decide
masking is not necessary.
